which can beat Pokemon Yellow faster a
gados with this insanely broken level
five move set from Pokemon Red and Blue
or an exeggutor using egg moves and
tradeback moves from generation 2 in my
very first Challenge on this channel I
went through all 151 Pokemon in the
Pokedex trying to beat just Brock on
minimum battles and the biggest takeaway
I had there was that there are tons of
top tier Pokémon
that simply can't even get through the
first gym without at least some level of
level grinding and gados and exeggutor
are excellent examples of this problem
in Pokemon yellow Gyarados starts with
only tackle on its move set a major Nerf
from Pokemon Red and Blue when it
actually started the game with an insane
move set of hydropump dragon rage bite
and Lear of course if we had that
Pokemon Red and Blue move Pro Set this
Pokémon would completely crush the first
gemm but with tackle it's borderline
impossible even after fighting every
single trainer in this section of the
game and normal exeggutor is even worse
because barrage is not even perfectly
accurate hits a random number of times
and is going to do one damage per each
hit and hypnosis can just be healed up
by Brocks five full heals per Pokémon so
neither of these Pokemon has a single
shot of getting through this first gym
on minimum battles unless we do
something different we trade in a
Pokemon from another game giving it a
completely broken move set at the
beginning of the game that will actually
allow it to get through but there's one
problem the one thing that every trainer
Who does these Gen 2 tradebacks
completely glosses over when they do
these runs
Disobedience disobedience is hands down
the worst status condition that you can
ever have in these games because in
essence it creates approximately a 50%
chance that your Pokemon won't even do
what you want them to do sometimes
they'll hit themselves in confusion
randomly sometimes they'll go to sleep
and every additional level that you gain
once a Pokemon becomes disobedient
actually makes them even more
disobedient I'll throw up the equation
for Disobedience here on this screen
because it's way too complicated to go
through but this is is going to be the
actual challenge in this run these are
two of the best possible Pokémon to run
in the game with these updated move sets
but will they be enough to beat the game
on minimum battles without an infinite
number of resets when we account for
Disobedience let's find out but first
let's break down some rules number one
this is a solo challenge no items in
battle no other Pokémon in battle all
the standard stuff on top of that we're
going to run on zero DVS for or zero
ivys for those of you coming from later
gens as we do in all of our solo
challenges that way we know that we
actually have the worst possible
Gyarados and the worst possible
exeggutor we go through the run on top
of that these are going to be traded
Pokémon so they're going to be subject
to standard Disobedience what that means
is that we're going to have to get
relevant badges to actually make our
Pokemon behave properly otherwise
they're going to completely disobey Us
in battle because they're traded Pokémon
we have to lose rival one fight because
it's impossible to have a traded Pokémon
before rival one now this is a minimum
battles challenge so no optional battles
whatsoever are allowed we can just
simply reset we can use rare candies in
order to level up but those are the only
options that we get in order to get
through a major Challenge and we're
going to avoid using TMS as much as
possible we will use a couple for each
Pokemon but we're going to definitely
avoid anything that's generic or broken
things like b double team rest
substitute toxic we're just not going to
use those moves because everything can
learn them and that wouldn't really tell
us anything interesting about these
Pokémon so with all that being said
let's get into the challenge proper and
see how our two Pokemon do in the first
section against
Brock so the first task in this run is
to lose the Rival one fight because of
course you can't trade a Pokémon before
you've even gotten the Pokedex but after
that you can actually trade in general
one even if you have only one Pokémon in
your party there's no restrictions from
Simply trading your starter away and
getting a new Pokemon in exchange and so
from that point we can basically do the
run with these Pokemon using traded move
sets and it's technically legit of
course for Simplicity I simply use the
ultimate Pokemon randomizer to change my
starter and I'm using Game hook in order
to set both their trainer ID number and
their move set so that we can treat them
just like the traded Pokémon that we set
up in in the intro unfortunately Pokémon
do not become disobedient until they
reach at least level 11 up to level 10
they're always obedient regardless of
the badges that you have which means
that the bug Heder and Verdian Forest is
an absolute joke so the only real
question is at level six will we be able
to beat Brock even with these better
moves exeggutor actually has trouble
losing the Rival one fight due to the
fact that his only non-damaging move is
hypnosis so it's gados who's getting the
Brock first let's see how it goes
[Music]
so let's take on his Geodude here we're
going to lead off with dragon rage one
hitter and oh we get stuck in bind are
you kidding me come on there he misses
bind Dragon rage one
shots that's the thing Brock is just not
a challenge we can destroy him 100% of
the time with our exeggutor that knows
Mega drain we just Mega drain and that's
a one shot there we get to level seven
Mega drain and that is a one shot there
we get to level 9 we can get to level 10
before we come become
disobedient but we're going to become
disobedient just understand and
disobedience is the worst thing that can
happen to a Pokemon so both of our
Challengers completely destroy Brock and
that's exactly to be expected that was
the entire point of using these move
sets but don't let this color your
perceptions this does not mean that this
run is necessarily easy in fact of the
five Pokémon that I've run in this sort
of setup so far on the channel using Gen
2 tradeback moves only two of them have
managed to beat the game with them and
three of them completely got walled in
this section Vulpix even ended up with
over 700 resets before rival 2 so we're
really banking on our stats and our
strong moves to get us through after
this ratata we're going to reach level
11 and now we're disobedient so we're
just hoping to use confusion fortunately
we get the roll right there that's nice
we're going to pop a potion to heal up
and now we'll just move on now when
we're
disobedient basically now it's basically
50/50 that our Pokemon will actually use
the move we wanted to use which is
confusion here but it can also do that
loafing around it can also use a
different move instead and that uses up
the pp of the move that we wanted to use
here is just said it won't obey here it
won't obey there we finally land
confusion oh and he's using instead
barrage come on he won't obey and we get
horned attacked and we die so uh yeah
that would be a
cakewalk battle basically if not for
this Disobedience we would have just you
know what maybe two shot these Pokémon
so there we get confusion turn one and
here we use hypnosis instead that's
actually pretty good we get a Mega drain
off nice here we use barrage instead and
now we finally confusion so we win on
the second attempt but the only reason
that these two Pokemon particularly the
exeggutor and the Gyarados are going to
be pretty good here
overall is because of the fact that
their moves are actually strong enough
to knock out opponents and they have the
stats that allow them to take the hits
that they're inevitably going to take
from not being obedient basically in
just extending fights you got to think
about the situation right imagine you're
in a situation where your opponent is a
guaranteed one hit ko. you're always
going to oneit shot them right but then
assume that your Pokemon has a 50%
chance at least of not actually
attacking your
opponent what that means is that you now
have like a 50/50 shot of them hitting
you and if you get enough of those 50/50
shots in a row you may end up losing a
fight that was otherwise a guaranteed
win that's pretty much what we're going
to see here in these runs now with these
Pokemon it's not going to be as big of a
deal but I'm going to come back and do
this with a couple weaker Pokemon and I
think we're going to see that it makes a
massive massive difference there this is
where the next major factor comes in you
see in order to beat the game with a
traded in Pokemon on anything close to
minimum battles you have have to be able
to take out Jesse and James here in
Mount Moon which is not an easy task
when your Pokemon doesn't obey can get
poisoned can get flinched by bite I mean
there are just tons of ways to lose that
fight and then the Pokemon also has to
be able to beat Misty on minimum battles
and if it can't beat Misty immediately
it has to be able to beat rival number
two on minimum battles those are all
major major walls to most Pokémon that
you would think of as tradebacks here
let's take on Jesse and James this is
where confusion makes a big difference
in the last one that I did of this we
did not have confusion which meant we
were like really hoping for some like
hypnosis luck and mega drain luck here
we're getting Mega drain when we don't
want it come on we're trying to use
confusion here which I'm pretty sure one
shots okay we finally take that one out
I'm going to try to me a drain on Meowth
oh bite is doing so much damage and we
get wrecked by Jesse and James so it's
it's slightly better but not that much
better than last time okay so uh let's
go for confusion again there is the one
shot on ekins here we get a bite we use
confusion on this mouth that's fine we
go barrage and knock it out cool we're
too coughing we use hypnosis okay that's
kind of fine and then confusion knocks
it out so rather than sitting here
resetting for like 20 minutes which is
what happened on the last run we just
needed two attempts there to get through
that fight now we're just going to heal
up here with a couple potions just to
make sure that we're good and ready for
Jesse and James since this is actually
the hard
fight so let's just see can we actually
win on the first attempt well Dragon
rage hit second so that's fine here we
disobey okay now we use dragon rage that
was perfect we Dragon rage there and we
knock him out so the fact that Dragon
rage is strong enough to just onot
everything is basically the reason why
we could get through that fight pretty
easily no resets up to this point but
that's actually pretty typical for
Gyarados here I've done this run up to
this point like four times now so I know
that this is actually pretty darn
consistent and when we did God carp I
mean Dragon rage just carries the entire
early game you know or sorry that was
Legend carp when we did it had no resets
up to this point but now we need to get
more obedience once we beat Misty we'll
be obedient up to level 30 so we're
going straight to mti's gym here if we
can then we're going to have an easy
time in this next section if we can't
this is going to be a
[Music]
nightmare so the strategy against Misty
is just to try to get dragon rage it's
not going to one shot here but
fortunately tackle's not going to do
that much but if we can't obey we took
tons of damage there we leveled up to
level 17 oh we hit ourselves in
confusion randomly because uh that's
what you do sometimes here she's using
Harden and we actually take our first
loss to Misty purely because godf would
not listen to anything that we were
telling it if it just uses Dragon rage
four times it will win
here so here we're going to go for
Dragon rage again okay used Lear instead
good job okay there we bite so we have
more HP going into star me we use one
Dragon rage come on there we go we get
the second dragon rage so we win the
whole point here though is that that
would be a 100% consistent fight if we
were just simply obedient it's the fact
that our Pokemon is not obedient that
causes us to have so much trouble
there so Gyarados takes his first reset
against misy but does get the second
badge and is now obedient for the next
section meanwhile exeggutor is actually
lagging behind because it's had a little
bit worse luck with its own Disobedience
but if it can beat MTI on the first
attempt it might just catch up in this
next section all right here we're going
to try to Mega drain oh we used
confusion instead on Staryu it's
basically fine Staryu and star me are
only going to use tackle and hardened
here because of the fact that we are a
grass type Pokemon they think that water
is resisted by grass that's the way gen
one AI works so here three Mega drains
takes out the star me we get to level 18
we beat Misty on the first attempt and
we're moving on we've only got three
resets so far on this run not too bad
just about 11 minutes right now of real
time and unlike gyos we could probably
go straight to Lieutenant surge cuz we
don't really fear Him and uh we saw last
time that we didn't quite get to level
30 on Erica so I think it's fine here
let's take on Rival 2 and we have the
advantage now that we're obedient until
Level 30 so we actually have a decent
shot here we're going to go confusion to
knock out the spearo we're going to go
Mega drain on the sandrew nice I'm going
to go for confusion on
rata and we're going to go for the
confusion here on the Eevee it's very
close to knocking it out there we'll
just finish it off nice nice all right
we're going to take on Rival number two
this one should be a cakewalk now
because now we're actually obedient so
here we can even go hydropump there yeah
get
wrecked here we'll just hydr pump that
one nice here the ratata we can just
Dragon rage it and then we're going to
go hydropump here on Eevee it's not
quite a one hit k. okay bite will finish
the job there we go so yeah we've win
immediately there because he can't do
anything to our Gyarados our Gyarados is
completely op so both of our Challengers
easily beat rival 2 and Misty and it's
all due to the fact that not only do
they have amazing stats but they
actually have the move sets that they
need that even when they're disobedient
they can still do decent damage and get
through these fights but now we get to
their second major advantage the fact
that both gear gados and exeggutor are
in the slow level up group now usually
that's terrible for solar runs because
they level up so slowly that you don't
even manage to keep up with the levels
of your opponents but in this case we
actually want the slow level up group
traded Pokemon already gain XP at an
increased rate basically a traded
Pokemon fighting a wild Pokemon is just
like fighting a trainer and fighting a
trainer is like a trainer time 1.5 so
every battle actually gives way more
experience for these Pokémon now in the
case of Pokemon in Faster level up
groups say the medium fast or medium
slow groups they will actually level up
too much in this next section and get
above the level cap for obedience
causing them to be disobedient again
before they even get a chance to fight
Erica however in the slow level up group
if you only take minimum battle you can
actually reach seladon city below level
30 so then it's just a question of
whether or not you can beat Erica on
minimum battles and if you can these
Pokémon are probably going to be
obedient for the rest of the Run that's
why we should look at this race as
really a best case scenario both of
these Pokémon are ideal for this sort of
challenge but we're not just going to
leave it at that this is really part one
and we're going to come back with part
two we're going to take two Pokémon that
are far worse suited for this
and see just how much worse they really
are when they have to account for
Disobedience more on that in the outro
so stick around till then but for now
both of these Challengers Gyarados and
exeggutor have no troubles in this
section and it's straight on to rival 3
gyos has a slight time Advantage so
we'll check that fight first so rival 3
here we go let's beat this guy up here
I'm going to bite his sparo nice I'm
going to bite his rat oh nice here we
will hydr pump the sandrew and I vote we
hydropump the Eevee oh look at that we
just wot all of his
Pokemon so here let's take on Rival
three let's go this guy I'm just going
to confusion his bird we're going to
confusion his rat we're going to Mega
drain his
sandrew and now on the Eevee it's
actually going to be a two- hit ko. here
we got the one hitter with gados but
don't think it matters
easy easy win let's come rub this old
man's belly or I guess rub his back
rubby rubby rubby rubby you
know we're we're we're doing all kinds
of stuff
here we we're a man of many talents best
back rubs in all of
Kanto so with rival 3 going down we
reach our first deviation and routing
between these two Pokémon it's pretty
obvious that Gyarados would get
completely destroyed by a thunderbolt so
we're not going to take on Lieutenant
Serge instead we're going to go straight
to Erica and Salon City at the same time
we have a resistance to Electric with
exeggutor so it makes perfect sense to
get the third gym badge right now and
that may improve its routing enough to
catch up just a
little so here are for lieutenant surge
I'm going to use hypnosis Thunderbolt
did decent damage and paralyzed
o let's see if we can actually manage to
uh get some Mega drains off there we go
we're going for Mega drain just to heal
up because you know he did a lot of
damage but there we go we win paralysis
doesn't matter it was a four hit ko. but
we were able to go straight to sergy boy
and beat him immediately so with a third
gym badge in the bag we can at least say
that this run is noted up exeggutor and
gear are both performing very very well
but in this next section we're actually
going to see that exeggutor has another
Advantage because while its moves are
not as strong in terms of raw base power
as the moves like hydropump that
Gyarados has it has better type matchups
in this section and it has more PP that
means fewer trips back to the Pokemon
Center in the same section gados doesn't
have a good answer for any of the grass
types which means it keeps getting
paralyzed or poisoned and has to
backtrack to heal up so it's actually
exeggutor that reaches the Rock Tunnel
hiker first in spite of the fact that it
routed to fight Lieutenant Serge and
Gyarados has not so let's check out how
that fight goes for these two
Challengers so we're to the Rock Tunnel
hiker let's take this guy on should just
be a matter of Mega drain oh yeah we get
to the level 28 we can learn stomp over
barrage oh look at that Mega drain and
then how about a mega drain there you go
how you like
that easy easy easy easy
easy yes so here we go let's take on the
self-destruct
hi so this guy I'm just going to go
hydropump and pray that it doesn't miss
there we go two down and the graler Get
Wrecked yes we get to level 28 right
there so we're two levels away from
becoming disobedient again so at this
point both of our Challengers are in
exactly the same spot and they're both
making their way to Erica they need to
fight Erica as soon as possible to get
obedience guaranteed and locked in until
Level 50 fortunately they both have
access to Moves In This section that
will make this not actually that
terrible while Gyarados his moves
wouldn't do enough damage to to knock
out Erica as they are right now it's
going to get access to ice beam and Ice
Beam could be the trump card here and
for the exeggutor well it can get access
to psychic a same type move that will be
super effective against two members of
her team so I think this one might just
work she always wished she could be
Sabrina so here let's see psychic right
here it's looking to be maybe a two
hitter if we get a good range here we
did get the special drop so nice here we
she's dropping acid but we onot that one
we get to level 30 here she drops acid
again but we onot the Gloom so we get to
get her badge and at this point we know
basically based on the Gyarados results
that we no longer have to worry about
Disobedience Disobedience not really a
thing anymore because you know we're
obedient to level 50 and we're not going
to get to level 50 until we're where
like Giovani so we're going to have to
beat Sabrina before that anyway on
minimum battles so this is fine here
let's just come in and fight this guy
and just be like haha you can do nothing
to me nothing I say and uh here we can
even just stomp on his Bat just stomp
his Bat somehow this giant egg tree
Stomps on a bat that's flying in the sky
it's just like come here come down here
so I can stomp on
you Pokemon logic it it just makes
perfect sense come
on here ice
beam and mega drain didn't do that much
so uh there we can even bite tangle it
down let's go Ice Beam there we freeze
weeping
Bell I'm just going to Dragon rage it
down from here here she can't heal the
status but now we get to level 30 so one
more level we would become disobedient
she goes pedal dance we hit the ice beam
and there we go we now have guaranteed
obedience until Level 50 so now let's
fight Giovani this should be
easy let's
try let's just
go Ice Beam here since it's 100%
accurate nice Ice Beam there perfect now
we could learn
leer do you want to learn leer no we do
not and uh here let's hydr pump on the
Persian it's not quite a one hitter but
their dragon rage will finish the job we
got flinched once didn't really matter
in that fight here we're just going to
me a drain right there and we will Mega
drain right there easy win and then
we'll psychic on his Persian it's not
quite a one hitter it is a two hitter
and we get an easy win at 28 1/2 minutes
of real time at four times speed yet
again I'm not a speedrunner these aren't
like perfect times or anything like that
right you know I stopped to scratch my
nose earlier yesterday I stopped to
scratch my back like in the one part of
the shoulder where you can't reach and I
say that now I have to itch my back what
what the heck is this oh this is
terrible let's fight rival number four
here strategy is definitely to go
psychic on the FOH it's going to go Mir
move but that does nothing Vulpix I'm
going to go psychic again we are up
against the Vaporeon team here Mega
drain should destroy sandrew nice and
psychic on the Eevee oh easy easy
Victory look at that here let's get up
here and fight Ravel number four we
don't even want to take on Serge yet
let's fight this guy here we can ice
beam his FOH nice Vulpix can get hydr
pumped cool now magnemites
um yeah I'll stick with the hydrop pump
there we
go we're just going to Ice Beam the
sandrew and uh here let's just hydr pump
the Eevee oh look at the easy wins the
easy easy
wins so we've just completely destroyed
this section we've only got one
reset and you know that's just a matter
of luck guys let's take on ghosty
mama where this should be maybe an ice
beam yeah oh yeah oh yeah look at this
Gyarados just destroy all of kto now
he's like I'm filled with rage Dragon
rage it's just Ice Beam there cool Arbok
I'm going to go a hydropump easy one
hitter wheezing let's just stick with
the hydr pump one shot that one get to
level
35 yeah yeah I mean this is just not
hard not hard at all once you get the
levels but this is a run that would
convince I think most people that oh
yeah you know tradeback Pokemon are
completely op because look at them
gaining extra XP and you know they got
stronger moves and all this and all that
but we're going to just see as we go
through this in a couple more runs that
it's not as good you probably think it
is this is truly the best case
scenario so there we get through all the
channelers we can make our way to ghosty
Mama against whom I think Mega drain is
the play it's an easy one hitter and now
Jesse and James we're just going to spam
psychic the whole way we haven't even
really gone for any hypnosis strats CU I
don't think they're necessary on any of
this I think you just sit here and just
one-hot things with psychic because
we're just just so op get to level 35
right there oh this is broken so Mr Fuji
he's saved he gives us a flute you know
old guys giving you things that you
didn't want like I have a present for
you here have a flute nobody asked you
for a flute no like it would be one
thing if we had known that we needed a
way to wake up Snorlax and he was like
being helpful it's probably how it
supposed to work that's probably how
game freak intended us to play the game
but no we just saved you and you just
gave me a flute for no reason so with
Jesse and James and lavender going down
and both of our Challengers seeming to
have no troubles getting through the
game this is looking like a cakewalk
post Disobedience there's really nothing
to worry about and that would be the
case in most of these tradeback runs if
you can simply beat Erica it just turns
into a normal solo run but with extra XP
but if you've watched a lot of my
minimum battles content on this channel
you'll know another thing we've
completed completed over 2/3 of the
required battles in the game which means
experience is going to become harder and
harder to come by and opponents in the
late game of Pokemon Yellow have a
vicious level curve where suddenly from
Koga onward everything is basically
level 50 and higher and while Blaine
will almost certainly wall exeggutor we
can also guess that the rivals Magneton
could be a major problem for Gyarados so
the question is which one can get
through those challenges faster but for
first we got to go back and take on
Lieutenant Serge with our
godf so
here let's start by going for a hydr
pump oh and we outspeed in one
[Laughter]
shot oh look at that oh you got
completely
destroyed and we are going to learn
thunder bolt now I'm going to learn
Thunderbolt
over Dragon rage bite can Flinch
opponents and we are reasonably fast so
I think that's the way to go and so
after smacking Lieutenant Serge in the
face with an overgrown carp we can now
move on through the game but we can also
say that there are no more easy trainers
left in the entire run so now we have to
determine our routing in the case of
exeggutor I thought the best decision
would actually be to take on Koga first
then go to take on Rival 5 Sabrina and
then after we've gotten all the possible
experience we'll go and take on Blaine
for godf fish on the other hand koga's
AI will cause him to always want to use
sleep powder with his first and third
venonat against this Pokemon which could
make it really tedious to get through if
we can't just one-hot with a move like
hydropump so I decided to take on Rival
5 and Sabrina first and then go take on
Koga after the fact and since you can't
reach Blaine without beating Koga it
means that we're going to reunite these
two Pokémon's runs once we get to the
Blain section and since exeggutor is
currently in the lead let's see how it
does in this middle game
first okay so here we're going to go
psychic okay we onot that one the second
venomoth is faster and it's going to use
toxic 100% because the game thinks we're
weak to poison Okay so we've made it to
venomoth I think we have to put this
Pokemon to sleep we get hurt by toxic
but then we use psychic it appears to be
a two hit ko. and there we go we've
beaten Koga on the first attempt with
our exeggutor and that basically means
that we're good to go
for a while like yes we're going to
struggle against Blaine I guess I
shouldn't say we're good to go for a
while cuz Blaine's going to be tough
okay so here here we dig out I don't
think we want to take on Blaine yet I
think we want to go and take on our
rival and thanks to badge
boost in speed I mean we we're pretty
close in speed to the first couple
Pokemon on his team at
least he is using the Vaporeon team so
we are going to have to deal with the
very fast Ninetails that will never
outspeed but still might be possible
let's see so here I'm going to save the
game let's fight let's go
buddy so here obviously we can go for
hypnosis and we can just Mega drain to
uh get all of our HP back nice so now
he's got Magneton out I think this is
another spot for hypnosis in the mega
drain just because we want to have as
much health as possible when we get to
that Ninetails so it's a for hitter
there Ninetails comes out uses Ember we
put put it to sleep let's go psychic
here and psychic again it is a two hit
ko. nice Kadabra comes out it goes sbeam
we get confused are you kidding me but
there we stomp it and we're going to
stomp it again nice and out comes the
Vaporeon that knows Aurora beam so we're
putting it to sleep Mega drain to heal
up and do damage oh yes oh yes he
potions oh I don't think it matter there
we go we have beaten rival number five
on the first attempt I'm just going to
drop this Max potion just to make sure
we're on full health save the game let's
come up here and fight
Giovani here we're going to go psychic
that's a one hitter on
Nino here oh we don't have any Mega
drains left so I guess psychic is the
way to go here K and he growls at me but
that's basically fine psychic one shots
rehorn and we've still got plenty of
Psychics here so we we just one shot the
Neo Queen and we beat Giovani yet again
on the first attempt there's really no
issues in this run at this point like
exeggutor is legit op in gen one like
it's legitimately really really good
Pokemon I think we're getting the stier
Finish that's my prediction but let's
see how we do against good old Sabrina
here we do resist psychic that's a huge
advantage and we do have a really good
special stat
also a good Advantage but we don't have
[Music]
speeds she's got the whip guys so here
I'm going to just stomp that one nice
we're just going to hold down a on stomp
on this one I think this is the strategy
if we can just manage the hits then I
think we're good to go cuz it's
basically a two hitter if she doesn't
recover and we're even doing doing more
than half so yeah we get through right
there I'm going to try to put this
Alakazam to sleep we
do but then we get psychic down okay
woke up use
psychic but yeah there seems to be at
least some possibility of getting
through this oh that was stupid but this
isn't really a rare candy spot because
it's not like we could really
avoid you know getting getting knocked
out here I
think okay we do get that one to sleep
this
time okayy she did X defend but we get a
critical hit there nice we get to level
42 we're going for hynosis again here he
we land the hypnosis now I'm actually
going to go for psychic kind of hoping
for some special drop action come
on yes we're Landing some psychics oh
look at this
oh yes oh yes there we go psychic got us
through Sabrina there's one thing she
respects it's a guy who whips her with
psychic come
on that's how you get to Sabrina's heart
you just use psychic against
her oh man I have one of those like
itches on your shoulder that you can't
reach oh god oh speedrun
dead oh it would be so terrible to be a
speedrunner be like on a world record
pace and then have like a really bad
itch and be like I have to scratch this
itch and then you lose the world record
by like a tenth of a second because you
you scratched an itch imagine that
imagine being a speedrunner that lost
everything to an itch on that one part
of your back shoulder that you can't
reach oh man oh that's
terrible oh it's like have you ever had
that I've had that I just had that but
obviously I've had it plenty of times
before it's the worst feeling in the
world when you have an itch that you
can't reach anyway let's go rival
five so he's going to lead off with the
sand slash of course we're going to
hydropump it oh and we missed two hydr
pumps in a row ice beam's not enough to
one shot oh and we're just getting
wrecked on this first attempt I'm going
to play it out here we get hydropump on
Magneton with a crit are you kidding
me okay and now we've been sand attacked
is the problem oh we get tail
whip oh man we're just missing
everything and we're poisoned hey
Kadabra side beams me and I die oh that
was terrible luck like the critical hit
on Magneton was nice but otherwise that
was terrible so here hydropump one shots
there here hydropump is not a one hitter
there but can ice beam finish it it does
we hydr pump here it's not guaranteed
that he's going to go sbeam here but he
goes
sbeam he can also go disable he can go
recover he can go confusion doesn't have
to go sbeam there he does he's not that
smart gen one trainers do not calculate
the highest damage output
move so here we knock that one out
here we've already seen that if we get a
critical hit we one shot there but if he
gets a critical hit he one shot us oh
that's terrible
too oh we get poisoned again cuz we
missed with the hydr
pump come on we need guts
if only guts were an ability in in this
gen okay hydrop pump hits so that will
one shot there we get to level 38 used
recover so we onot the Kadabra now we
Thunders shock oh it doesn't do that
much
no but oh we got the critical hit he
sand attacks we've got one HP and we
knock out rival number
five oh he got wrecked he got completely
wrecked I'm going to full restore
here just cuz I think it's going to be a
good move here against Giovani let's
save and let's get into this fight let's
go so here the neino hydr pump easy oh
not one hitter thought it was an easy
one hitter now the Persian were
definitely hydr pumping too and we're
just going to bite it now he rehorn we
can ice beam and that should just go
down and then needle Queen let's hi
hydro pump and that is a one hit ko. so
easy easy Victory we're all the way up
to level 40 right now we're 10 levels
off of
our um obedience threshold right now so
we we can gain 10 more levels without
becoming disobedient we don't really
need to take anything in any particular
order here cuz next is either Sabrina or
Koga on minimum
[Music]
battles
and I mean everybody comments on the
Whip and we we know the whip we know
what that's about come on so here we get
flashed we bite her hey sometimes
sometimes people do bite right we get
two shot there by the Kadabra it it
didn't appreciate our biting our
nibblin so there she uses Kinesis she
uses swave she gets a good side wave she
uses another Kinesis another swave oh
look at that she just she's just like
swapping back and forth she's like I'll
lower your accuracy a little bit and
then I'll kill you a little bit then
I'll lower your accuracy a little bit
and then I'll kill you a little bit how
do you like that the just sheer and
utter destruction that we're getting
here from
Sabrina come on come
on we got
this so there's she XD
and
she goes for
whatchamacallits and there we finally
won there we go Sabrina no problem in
the end okay so now we have no choice
we've got to take on Koga let's just see
if we can finally beat
him this time so here I'm going to save
the game let's
fight
let's go so here I'm going to hydr pump
the first venonat that is one hitter
hydropump is a one hitter we leveled up
to level 42 hydropump is not quite a one
hit ko.
there that might be a range on the third
venette though now we just need to wake
up come
on and double edge did so much damage oh
God he goes toxic we Miss hydro pump and
we get wrecked oh man but seriously we
might have just needed a better range on
that last venette so here again
hydropump one shots hydropump one shot
oh not quite a one shot uh here we'll
bite
okay here we miss but he misses and we
get the critical hit so we one shot
there he misses toxic now he goes double
team but we hit through that we're going
to go for the Ice Beam just because it's
more accurate and there we go we beat
Koga second attempt no problem no
problem at all now we can go take on
Blaine Blaine is not going to be an easy
trainer contrary to popular opinion you
might be like you're water type you got
this if you think that you haven't
watched enough of my
videos all the channel members are like
oh Blain oh God this is going to be
terrible terrible
terrible we know we know we know the
truth that Blain actual final boss of
the
game so with both of our Challengers
clearing the gauntlet of the middle game
we can now return to the side by-side
view where we can see that good eggs has
still maintained a pretty big speed
advantage on our godf in fact while godf
was still fighting Sabrina it was time
for exeggutor to take its first shot at
the Blain fight but this could be the
deciding factor if it struggles with
Blain a lot godf could catch up and even
take the
lead let's
see flamethrower oh we survive a
flamethrower here we put this one to
sleep now I'm just going to go psychic
psychic and and psychic okay so that
knocked that one out we get to level 43
he misses fire spin I'm going to just
give a little little Mega drain action
here take down took me down to two HP
remaining psychic and psychic okay we
need reflect like we really needed
reflect or a miss a Miss would have been
fine too but we made it to Arcanine on
that one so here let's just drop a
couple rare candies and see if it makes
any difference difference or not uh we
have nine in the bag right now we're
going to go up to level 45 here save the
game let's try again at this
level okay so there we get this one to
sleep we are confused but this is still
a three hitter oh we got a two hit range
there though we get a growl from Rapid
Ash and we get wrecked all right then
let's just even add a couple more rare
candies here let's just add three more
let's get to level 48
here um save the game let's try this
again you know Gyarados used some rare
candies before the league 2o so I don't
think it's it's that bad but we're
definitely losing
time Arcanine fire
blast okay so I do think that we now go
for rare candies sorry I accidentally
activated him so I'm just going to fight
him one more time and then we're going
to go for more rare candies here
this is obviously not going to be
consistent but it doesn't even seem to
be super reasonable cuz we just need so
much luck and at the end it's all about
the move he
uses okay flamethrower but we survive
yes we get Arcanine to sleep hey psychic
psychic psychic oh we win just before I
was going to use more rare candies and
we get to level 50 or sorry 49 level 49
but uh 55 minutes in okay we have to go
fast from here we have to go really fast
if we're going to match our rival which
is that Gyarados that Gyarados has such
a great move set for the late game Ice
Beam Thunderbolt hydr pump
hyperbeam oh it was
ridiculous so even with using all the
rare candies we ended up with 24 resets
there for our good eggs against Blaine
and of course that gave enough time for
godf to catch up and get to the blame
fight itself now remember that these
runs are being done on zero DVS and
without any stat boosting vitamins you
could definitely get this fight to be
more consistent by simply using those
but I think there's no way to get
through without using some rare candies
in order to get exeggutor's level up so
now godf definitely has a chance to gain
the advantage beating Blaine in the
first couple of attempts it might just
be able to get to Giovani first and take
the lead going into the Pokemon League
Tombstone of
Brothers All right so Blaine first
attempt we're going to come in and just
go hydropump and miss the first one
second one is not quite a one hitter but
B does the job there we level up to
level 43 we get growled at but we onot
rapid Ash nice we get taked down from
the Arcanine now it goes
reflect and that is not quite a one
hitter and we get knocked
out see if we don't miss with hydropump
we'd be just fine here so uh let's try
again here
we get confused we've missed the first
two hydr pumps there we finally hit a
hydropump we're going to bite him nice
now we're on the rapid Dash again it
uses fire spin oh
great and then take down hydropump will
one shot take down from the Arcanine
that's two losses in a row to bla it's
clearly possible we just need to
actually land the hits and we should
have gotten through on the first attempt
if we had just hit the hydr
pumps that's always the frustrating part
here you know like it's not like this is
impossible or hard it's just you know
like actually hit things maybe there we
go so we beat Blaine we get to level
44 so sure enough godf does manage to
beat Blain before exeggutor but it's not
as big of a difference as you might
think because even godf ended up taking
a ton of resets on that fight we could
have won on the very first attempt we
just got bad luck but we can also see
that this fight isn't perfectly
consistent even when you have a really
strong water type Blain's Pokemon will
almost always be at a much higher level
and have a speed Advantage allowing them
to use moves like take down Stomp and
fire spin in order to take out even
Pokemon that should have a type
advantage and because exeggutor won on
the very next attempt against Blaine it
turns out that they're virtually neck
and neck reaching the Giovani fight but
gados will come up
first all right so we knocked that one
out though hydropump will knock out Neo
Queen we just need like a guard Speck or
something oh we outspeed here because of
the Screech he that's fine too and r on
we hit it and once again it it only
takes one attempt to get through Giovani
that guy is a chump a joke but let's see
so here first things first I'm just
going to Mega drain on this Doug Trio
it's a two hit ko. but that's perfectly
fine we get to level 50 here we're going
to go psychic on this
Persian um it's a two hit ko. there nice
let's just see yeah so we're getting
tail whipped by this Neato rain or Neato
queen I'm just going to use
some Mega drains just get some health
back and then let's just go for psychic
here we've got a bunch of badge boost
but we level up to level 51 Mega drain
one shots the ride on though so that was
an easy first attempt Victory 57 minutes
into this run let's go fight our rival
let's destroy this guy now here
hydropump easily knocks out the sand
slash nice we've got ice beam right here
perfect it's going Magneton I have
hydropump
he Thunder waves me now he Thunders
shocks me and I'm fully paralyzed and we
take the first reset there for rival six
I think if we just get a critical hit
we're pretty much golden though but if
we manage to get that then we're going
to get through to the nin Tales
basically on full
health so here Ice Beam
nice hydropump there's the critical hit
we were looking for going Hydro pump on
Ninetails that's an easy one hitter
Kadabra sbeam is not the end of the
world we get a nice crit there we're
going
Thunderbolt acid armor doesn't matter
against our Thunderbolt we paralyze it
and there we go we take down the
Vaporeon so yeah a lot of this run is
coming down to just needing to get a
critical hit on Magneton and once you
crit Magneton you're basically good to
go see if we get an overlay here no we
don't okay good so here I'm going to
just Mega drain on the sand slash oh we
get poisoned rip
terrible uh here we're just going to
stomp this one it's just going to want
to use poison powder against us I
believe but uh here now we can I guess
just psychic and uh hopefully
psychic oh come on oh we're getting such
bad luck here okay so we get to
Ninetails it uses Ember we survive
uh I'm going to go psychic
here and we get knocked out by the
poison if we were not poisoned we would
have won I'm sure of it I'm sure of it
from there cuz we would have been able
to heal up some damage uh let's go Mega
drain again he's going to poison sting
again that's fine so against execute I
think we want to get it to sleep and
then we just want to stomp it down we do
not want to get poison
powder let's go hypnosis on the Magneton
nice psychic and uh here Omega drain
just to get our health back up on the
Ninetails he uses Ember we get burned
no okay so we put it to sleep we're
going to go psychic here and psychic
again okay Kadabra comes out it uses
reflect here I think we go Mega drain on
the basis that we're burned so we we'd
be doing less damage anyway uses reflect
again sbeam doesn't do that much
damage so we're just going to keep uh
Mega draining here and we've still got
some Mega drains for the final Vaporeon
we miss oh it goes acid armor goes
missed come on oh we just can't hit the
hypnosis there we go we finally hit
hypnosis now we can Mega drain it uh
Mega drain it again it does not know uh
whatchamacallit it doesn't know aora
beam anymore okay so that's fine we just
win um let's go and uh let's just see
cuz I mean it got rid of our status with
Haze so uh that's nice thank you thank
you rival for uh getting rid of our
status so through all eight gems and
with rival 6 going down this is the
closest race that we've done on the
channel ever this is a difference of
mere seconds exeggutor is very slightly
ahead due to the fact that it had only
one reset on Rival 6 while gados had six
resets in that battle and in terms of
time and my own personal scoring system
this is as close as it possibly gets now
in case you're interested in how I score
these Pokemon the full details are in
the description below but basically it
takes into account resets optional
battles TMS and broken TMS and using my
weights this comes out to a 0.2
difference between these two Pokemon and
we can see that it's pretty pretty
accurate given that they're both in
approximately the same place now for
both of these Pokémon I decided to go to
the power plant because we can get one
more rare candy and a PP up there and in
a minimum battles run just that one
extra PowerPoint in one of our strongest
moves or getting one extra level at an
opportune time could mean the difference
between success and failure as we go
into the league and both of these
Pokemon have potential walls here in the
case of exeggutor lures Jinx Lance's
Pokemon and the Champions Ninetails
which is going to outspeed us could all
be potential roadblocks then for
Gyarados we have to deal with the fact
that it doesn't have anything good for
Agatha and it could also end up getting
walled by any Pokemon with strong
electric type moves like Lance's
Dragonite or the Champions Magneton so
as we go into the league for each member
of the final Elite 4 we're going to
start with whichever Pokémon is
currently ahead in terms of total time
and we're going to just see if either of
them hits a wall that puts them so far
behind that they end up losing the race
this could be incredibly
tight here we go so first things first
I'm going to try to put this dong to
sleep um we do get it to sleep cool so
now we're going to Mega drain it and
mega drain it and how about a mega drain
for good measure nice so we get to level
53 right there we're still slower though
uh we do put cloer to sleep though so we
can go ahead and just me a drain we
resist everything from slow bro funny
enough so this is actually one of the
easier Pokemon in a sense like we can
put it to sleep oh it used Amnesia rip
here I'm just going to stomp it
then um the one that we have to be
worried about I think is jinx
Jinx is scary ice punch and she's only
going to use ice punch every time so I
think this is a spot honestly to use
rare candies especially because we can
see it's getting to be pretty close
TimeWise so I'm going up to level 55
here let's just go let's try
this so in this one
dong uses Aurora beam but we're going to
put it to sleep Mega
drain Mega drain
and it goes Aurora beam again so we'll
just knock it out there
cool we were faster than
Closter oh no it's a speed tie with
Cloyster
rip that even makes me want to use like
one more rare candy
here oh wait that's 88 oh we're still
going to be
slower okay we got an attack drop but
that shouldn't matter in fact it's a
badge boost so so we'll take
it here we are faster than Closter
though now so we can knock that one out
and that is a badge boost and speed
technically
too okay so she used withdraw so I'm
just going to go Mega drain here easily
Knock Out Slow bro
cool Jinx ice punches gets a critical
hit too are you kidding me so here Duong
is almost a two hitter I'm going just
going to stomp it down here since I'm at
full health here we get Cloister to
sleep nice so we're going to just uh
Mega drain then we can probably even
stomp it down nice slow bro goes to
sleep so I'm just going to spam stomp
here or no I'm not I'm going to put it
back to sleep and I'm going to go into
the mega drain here there she super
potions doesn't matter all right Jinx
give me a good range ice punch we put it
to sleep we stomp it
it's going to be a two hitter with stomp
normally we knock her out we're faster
than the Lapras we put it to sleep Mega
drain looks to be maybe a three hit ko.
here and it is we have beaten laurelai
thank God we get to level
57 so here against laurelai first
attempt we're not going to uh use
any use any of rare candies just yet
here Thunderbolts two shotting on these
first couple Pokemon we get Spike
cannons here okay but we knocked that
one out on the slow bro oh and we hit
ourselves in confusion no we're still
confused oh we got a critical hit there
though uh Jinx puts us to sleep and I
think we're getting wrecked yeah that
was kind of terrible luck in some ways
let's try this again let's try this
again lur I think we can beat
her thrash thrash
she finally we finally wake up but we're
down to 2 Hp here Thunderbolt is not
going to one shot there not even close
on the
Lapras so I think we can justify using
some rare candies here because this is a
Race So let's just go up to level 50
first that's another damage rounding
threshold let's just see level 50 How
does it go
we don't want to overlevel too much here
so this is looking like a pure two
hitter now on the dong nice
cler Spike Cannon is not that big a deal
we knock it out cool now slow bro gets
paralyzed he hit us with psychic but
we're going to knock it out
cool here bites and bite to take down
Jinx get to level 51 Thunderbolt got a
nice critical hit there and we knock out
the Lapras there we go so level 5051 was
perfectly fine for getting through that
fight so both Challengers struggled and
had to use rare candies in order to get
through lur but Gyarados got through six
levels lower with fewer attempts it
remains incredibly close though as even
while Gyarados is starting his first
attempts against Bruno we managed to get
to Bruno with exeggutor as well so this
is still completely neck and
neck so here for the Bruno fight I don't
think this one's hard we just Ice Beam
there I mean I think we can really do
whatever here let's see even Thunderbolt
oh it doesn't quite do the job we want
to land uh
whatchamacallit
let's go hydro pump on this hitmon Le if
we can hit it
perfect now Ice Beam on onyx just cuz
it's perfectly accurate I'm going for
the hydro pump here on the
Machamp the X
defense and we get through Bruno first
attempt no problem the play so here um
sure I'll just me a drain there because
I can then psychic oh he's faster with
hit manchan though oh no he ex defense
though oh Bruno you absolute Legend oh
and he tries to use earthquake on me
good job get to level 58 right there and
then psychic one shots the Machamp never
in question full health at the end of
that fight oh that was stupid reaching
Agatha exeggutor is ahead by 2 minutes
of ingame time let's see if it can keep
this
advantage
[Music]
oh let's see so here I'm just going to
go psychic here and that one shots
Gengar psychic one shots the gbat
psychic one shots Haunter psychic will
oneshot the Arbok we level up to level
59 here's where I'm actually going to
try to put this opponent to sleep oh I
get put to sleep no no come on
on oh he's just using confused Ray over
and over again okay we're no longer
confused we got Gengar asleep psychic
and psychic we beat Agatha on the first
attempt so here on this one let's just
go hydr
pump and we're just going to stick with
the hydr pumps
here get a Mega
drain Mega drain oh that was a strong
Mega drain too we're going to thunder
bolt her a couple times
here just want to keep her lower on
health
there here let's Ice Beam on the goldbat
hey leech life's not that big of a deal
cool we're going to go back to hydropump
here we get confused and we're hitting
ourselves in confusion oh this is
terrible oh
Agatha oh what a typical Agatha
Vite it's like we could win we could
also completely lose
you know if we just hit ourselves in
confusion every single turn that was
stupid
okay oops I didn't mean to hydro pump
here but we'll just Ice Beam there I
guess level up
nice so hydr pump should do the job
here oh we're just being confused every
single turn though okay so there we
finally knock out
Gengar hi
hydropump and we're just going to stick
with hydropump and Miss great Ice Beam
hyperbeam
okay he Ice Beam here we're going for
the ice beams because if we freeze then
we're just guaranteed to knock out that
Pokemon
hey oh we're confused
though she's going dream meter there we
go so we do get through we didn't have
to use our rare candies there so while
exeggutor got an easy win against Agata
on the first attempt thanks to stab
psychic gyo struggled quite a bit there
opening up a thre minute realtime lead
on four time speed here for our
exeggutor going in the Lance if it can
get through the Lance and champion fight
fairly quickly it might just take this
one down before giros even has a chance
at the
champion
okay so we get hyper beamed there but
we're going to put this one to sleep now
I'm just going to Mega drain a couple
times I'm going to get some health
back okay from here I think we can just
go psychic he uses Dragon rage it's fine
okay um we are faster here okay so we
can use this as another spot to Mega a
couple
times and then once we're basically at
or very near full health we can just
knock that one out let's go for the
hypnosis here he ice beams
me okay we finally knock that one or get
that one to
sleep oh but we're just missing all of
the hypnosis if we just land hypnosis I
think we got this I think we got this
hey we get the second dragon air to
sleep
just Mega draining here to get health
back because we know Aerodactyl is
either going to use fly or wing
attack of course we're kind of hoping
for a wing attack
there okay I'm just going to use psychic
here and pray oh and it's not enough we
cannot one shot with psychic so we do
have to put that Pokemon to sleep
important to know we do have one rare
candy in the bag as
well okay we've made it back to
Aerodactyl if
flies we survive
fly we can go psychic there and then
psychic again and now we're slower than
the
Dragonites oh God we need we need Lear
strats
here I'm going to rare candy here to
avoid the level up in the middle of the
fight and now we're we're hoping for
Lear
strats and the point is that we're out
of rare candies so it's not you know oh
use rare candies
here okay we get leared
there let just uh heal
here okay so we knock that one
out we're just going to try to keep
healing up on this dragon
air here I'm just going to psychic him
down once he wakes up here I'm just
going to psychic this one down because
it knows Ice Beam wing attack is nice oh
we get a sleep there nice yes okay he
hyper potions but that's still just a
healing Loop and we're going to
win and then he hits fire blast we
survived yes okay Dragonite come on yes
we get the two hitter on Dragonite we
get to level 61 going into the champion
so here I'm going to go Thunderbolt on
the Gyarados it's not quite a one hitter
are you kidding me
oh my God so here we probably do need to
use at least one rare candy dragon air
one goes down Dragon Air 2 goes
down
here I mean hydr pump is the stronger
move oh but we get critical hit
there here I'm going to pop one rare
candy cuz one rare candy gets us to a
damage rounding Threshold at level
55 that might be enough to just
guarantee the one hit on the first
Gyarados let's try there we go we get
the one hitter Ice Beam right here takes
out dragon air one takes out drag oh
does not take out Dragon Air 2 that's a
range Swift from Aerodactyl so hydropump
does the job there we're two Dragonite
at level 56 it's not a one hitter but he
gets
frozen oh we destroyed him I don't think
he was going to beat us that's fine this
is all
fine so exeggutor took 11 resets in
order to beat Lance with many of those
resulting in it getting all the way to
the final Dragonite before it lost so it
lost tons of time on this section in
fact gados now has a 5minute lead thanks
to the fact that it only needed one
reset to get through this fight this is
the point where we see gados is better
overall move pull giving it a massive
Advantage allowing it not only to win
the fight but beat Lance five levels
lower with many of its rare candies
still left in the back exeggutor on the
other hand has spent all of its rare
candies it's all or nothing at this
point it's entirely banking on Gyarados
to hit a wall here against the champion
if it's going to have any shot of
winning this race but let's get to the
Gyarados run and find
out
[Music]
let's go so here we're going to
hydropump the sand slash of course we're
going to hyperbeam against this Alakazam
nice exeggutor we're going to Ice Beam
it oh we get bleach SE did no come on
come on hit we got one Kinesis and now
we just don't hit
anything this is all perfectly fine
clearly so hydropump will knock out the
Ninetails hum um
[Music]
um let's just see what hyperbeam does
there okay we get Thunder waved and then
Thunder bolted and we lose so clearly we
need a critical hit again against that
Magneton but we have rare candies in the
bag so we're just going to slam these
rare candies all eight of
them that's going to get us up to level
64 and then let's just try
again let's see if we can win come
on so here we're going to lead off by
hydr pumping the sand slash
nice against Alakazam we are going to go
for the hyperbeam of course that is a
nice one
hitter Ice Beam we freeze exeggutor oh
that's nice we don't really have much to
use Thunderbolt against oh he full
restores
no oh God I should have I should have
gone for the stronger move and just
taken him out um here hydrop
pump
here go for the hyperbeam oh we get the
crit yes yes oh Thunderbolt this
Vaporeon Thunderbolt it to
death quick attacks
but oh we got this yes there we go so
there we go we got through the entire
game that was pretty smooth pretty
smooth just going to
say I I don't have any major regrets
about this so uh yeah godf fish pretty
Godlike and finishes with 94.8 that is
definitely an S tier finish we got
through the game in the end with 32
resets and into
TMS not bad especially given that we
took no optional battles we didn't have
to use any broken TMS we just used the
two most logical TMs in the game for
this Pokemon in the form of ice beam and
Thunderbolt I think that makes sense
hyperbeam we got via level up we had
hydropump since the beginning of the
game completely
op so in the end it was thanks to its
excellent move pool its higher speed the
the fact that it didn't need to use so
many rare candies so early and the fact
that it only took one reset to beat the
champion that godf is the winner of this
race with that being said exeggutor
actually LED most of the Run proving
that it's also no slouch when it comes
to beating the game of Pokemon Yellow if
you only give it access to a better move
pool to get through Brock it's pretty
much smooth sailing from there but since
Gyarados has locked up both the score
and the the speed win the last question
we need to answer is whether or not
exeggutor can still maintain an S tier
finish after all these resets on Lance
let's find out if it can actually beat
the champion within just a few attempts
all right so here the champion I think
we start by just going Mega drain and
that's an easy one hitter here I think
we just stomp psychic hits that's fine
we're just going to stick with the
Stomps here here exeggutor
I'm just going to put it to sleep uh
let's go psychic
even nice we get a special drop there
that should help us heal up a little bit
we're just trying to get health back at
this point cuz we know we got Ninetails
coming up and we know the Vaporeon I
believe does in fact have
Whatchamacallit every single turn though
oh we need the fire spin
Miss come on fire spin Miss didn't come
in so we lose the first attempt there
but I think we got this I think we got
this okay so we knock that one out get
to level 62 he misses the fire spin
twice and we missed both of our H or
hypnosis are you kidding me we got two
fire spin misses in a row and we
couldn't land a
hypnosis oh this is
terrible this is actually really
bad oh man
okay so we're just putting this one to
sleep so that we can Mega drain it we'll
be back at full
health oh he full
restores he's like I think like one and
12 or something to do that it's it's
really low chances that he uses the full
restore we're like one and 16 so here we
didn't get any accuracy drops that's
good uh here exeggutor go back to sleep
buddy okay
oh man this exeggutor just doesn't want
to go to sleep so Stomp Stomp and stomp
okay so we're back to ninet Tales of
course he misses fire Spin and we missed
the hypnosis
again okay there he misses fire Spin and
we get him to sleep yes okay now we get
a special drop as well and we knock out
the Ninetales finally here we're going
to put mag to sleep so that we can sit
here and heal off of it with mega
drain we just want more HP going into
the Vaporeon because I believe that it
is going to have Aurora beam yes it
does we miss hypnosis okay we land the
second hypnosis Mega drain Mega drain
he's going aora beam but Mega drain
finishes it and there we go so
unfortunately for our good eggs they
just weren't good enough to be able to
beat the godf
fish in fact Gyarados was already making
its way to our final postgame challenge
to beat Mewtwo at the very same time
that we finally got to the champion with
our good
eggs so let's answer that final question
can these Pokemon beat Mewtwo on minimum
battles let's just uh you know do our
last little thing here we know what we
got to do
we got to go take on this
Mewtwo Mewtwo up
here disrespecting our
name we know it we know meww is all
about the
disrespect so this does get me wondering
if this girados is capable of just
beating Pokemon Red and Blue on super
minimum battles I'm pretty sure it is
because we just got to think like its
move set is way too
op and
I mean in a lot of ways Pokemon Red and
Blue are much easier than Pokemon Yellow
so yeah I'm going to do that run
separately that will just be a fun one I
might do that as a quick little live
stream or something just Gyarados
Pokemon Red and Blue super minimum
battles because it could be good enough
to get it
done not sure but at least it makes
logical sense that it could get it done
the end game might be the
problem anyway we've made it to Mewtwo
let's save and let's just destroy this
one so here I'm going
hyperbeam oh he recovers and he
barriers here I'm going to hydr pump him
now okay we're doing about a quarter
with hydr
pump and he barriers so we beat Mewtwo
on the first attempt level 65 godf
fish absolute Legends anyway we have
beaten the game and as is tradition that
means that there's one last thing to do
we know what it is we got to go beat up
a Mewtwo with our eggy boy oh this is
this is
[Music]
brilliant oh man it's too bad that I
wasn't able to get the exceptional
collab to go um schedules just didn't
work out you know I was I wasn't healthy
I was in the hospital he was doing his
own thing you know he was trying to
grind for the end of the year can't
blame him this was back in like
September we were talking about this
still would love to do a collab with him
someday because he's an awesome dude if
you haven't checked him out check him
out um there's so many great people in
the solo running space you know you've
got squidy and Gen 2 you've got
exceptional in gen 3 you've got
speedrunner 218 who does a bunch of gens
um you've got Jim leader Matt who's my
personal favorite I think mostly does
gen one and gen two stuff um Scotty of
course you know the fam the
crew my
boys so with that being said let's get
into this Mewtwo let's
go so here Mewtwo strategy I'm going to
put it to sleep obviously ly and now I
think we even psychic this one to lower
its special if
possible let's see if we can get some
special drops
here hey we got a special drop there and
we resist psychic so this is fine oh
here come
on come on no we get knocked out the
first attempt by Mewtwo that was stupid
the critical hit
Swift okay let's go for this again okay
nois in the
psychic just for the for the special
drops that's all we're going for special
drops
Galore you know the game's going to be
like it's not very effective but it is
superly effective if you just lower his
special enough and then he uses Swift
and we win there we go we have defeated
the entire game with our Good Egg look
at that in the end a 138 attack 126
defense 89 speed 175 special and the
final move set stomp hypnosis psychic
Mega drain we only used one TM in this
entire run we end up with a score of
93.7 so this Pokemon yet again with a
Gen 2 trade back is an S tier Pokemon if
you do this without that you are not
even getting through Brock so you're
probably taking a bunch of optional
battles there and uh yeah it's probably
not s tier
but here very quickly before I sign
off let's just give some love to channel
members give the love because you guys
are actually completely amazing so let's
go in opposite order new newest to
oldest we're going to go Mike the potato
Zin Zachary miter Miker please tell me
how to pronounce it dude um hi hot
chicken
curry is the
coolest I appreciate that so much oh man
I I could go for some hot chicken curry
there we go IRC bachan bitter zombie
thanks for always hanging around bitter
I've obviously seen tons of comments
from you and it's good to have you over
in the Discord dude thank you and uh we
got Cody McKinley we got David Lee
shrike Prime Natalie C Avalon rapidos
we've got omnifarious 86 omn farious has
also been dropping tons and tons of
comments I appreciate you dude we've got
Falon Bel John Calabro I mentioned
before um about one of the runs that
John did um you just got to check him
out he's awesome another fellow
poketuber getting into the
action next we've got Kyle Baker who is
now also on GSC Pokemon challenges as a
channel member you're just incredible
dude thank you so much always leaves
comments too and I look forward to them
because Kyle just makes the best puns
like the best sometimes terrible
puns you're amazing dude thank you so
much marvelous racing also supporting
over on GSC Pokemon challenges
appreciate you ball 13 has been around
for a long time supporting the channel
so thank you thank you MC Paul or mck
Paul not sure how you PR prefer to
pronounce a dude but obviously been a
longtime supporter as well you know way
longer than you've been a channel member
you've been here just supporting me and
giving me good comments and things like
that so thank you thank you um painted
eyes we've got Cody Smith 73 mentioned
his Gen 2 reskins of Pokemon Yellow
Sprites really want that really really
want that Cody Smith come on Matthew
we've got Priestess e we've got Jared
Ros super Sai Jared Ros also over on the
patreon Jared Ros is coming up to 2024
you got to give me another challenge man
we did the Bruno people have loved the
Bruno challenge Bruno is now the third
most watched video in the history of the
channel in just you know less than a
month so you got the good ideas please
share them with me all of you guys TTC
345 we've got Elli Wick boltron we've
got super saahene derp also in the
double team tier absolutely incredible
the double team is the highest level of
the channel memberships so just that
level of support is so amazing Gabriel
Jackie T sorry I jumped over the cat
herd and Pand we've got Gabriel Jackie T
Austin Jackson Constantino sanakis Cory
London Dan spam Anderson and Tunis de de
sorry Anderson and Tunis
de just gave me a very nice Christmas
comment so I I appreciate that Merry
Christmas to you too you say it's a
present from me to give you guys videos
it's a present that I get every time
that I read your guys's amazing comments
so thank you mistal psycho sporting here
and over on patreon of course R claw
hyro VOR Merkel is here and on GSC
Pokemon challenges Andrew Palmer and
Zane winter to round out the list that's
the most channel members that we've ever
had now I gifted a few of these but you
know I'm going to keep doing that we're
going to keep gifting out some uh
Channel memberships when we do some of
the live streams every month and uh yeah
let's just keep this going guys I'm
really excited I'm really really excited
but you tell me what you think right
exeggutor versus Gyarados who traded in
move sets I think is pretty cool cuz
they're super strong Pokémon but for the
weak Pokémon you tell me which ones you
think we should do and then let's also
look ahead next year I've got the Laurel
ey run in the works I'm working on the
overlay so that we can actually just
have it pick the move each time um so I
won't be doing like the little random
number generator rather I want it to be
automated every time I use a move it's
going to roll again that's what I'm
working on hopefully I get it done this
weekend and we can get started on that
run so the lur Li run will get done in
Pokemon yellow going to be doing some
super minimal battles runs I'm going to
be editing up this race I'm going to be
editing up the dragon Pokemon um I've
got until the 3D of January off so the
next six days I'm just going to be kind
of grinding to make content but if you
guys have other ideas I'm always super
open to to them anyway that does it for
me I'm just rambling at this point just
want to say the best to you and yours
happy New Year hope you guys had a just
happy holiday season this will be up
just before the new year but you know
that does it for this one see you in the
next one
later
[Music]
n